h1. What does it do?

This redmine plugin adds a macro in your redmine wikis, which allows the embedding of etherpads.  It provides the same result as "this hack":http://rschulte.com/blog/2011/etherpad-and-redmine-hack-how-we-are-embedding-collaborative-documents-redmine, but more easily, and without the unsafety of allowing arbitrary html.

h2. Macro: etherpad()

To use, just add @{{etherpad(nameOfPad)}}@ to the issue/wiki/page in which to embed a pad.

Requires at least one argument, the name of the etherpad to embed.

Other arguments should be listed in "key=val" format, and include:

* @width@: the width of the iframe (e.g. "640px", "100%"), default=640px.
* @height@: the height of the iframe (e.g. ("800px"), default=480px.
* @showControls@: true/false (default true)
* @showChat@: true/false (default true)
* @showLineNumbers@: true/false (default false)
* @useMonospaceFont@: true/false (default false)
* @noColors@: true/false (default false)

Example:

<pre><code>{{etherpad(myHotPad, useMonospaceFont=true, width=100%)}}</code></pre>

h2. Installation

Navigate to:
@[redmine_install_path]/vendors/plugins@

Clone this repo:
@git clone git://github.com/yourcelf/redmine_etherpad.git

h3. Configuration

Add an "etherpad" configuration section to "config/configuration.yml" in which you define the etherpad host to use:

<pre><code>etherpad:
  host: https://etherpad.example.com
</code></pre>

You can also list any of the embed arguments to replace defaults, for example:

<pre><code>etherpad:
  host: https://etherpad.example.com
  showLineNumbers: true
  useMonospaceFont: true
</code></pre>


